#summary Brief biographical notes and links for !PlazeCamp attendees.

Coming to !PlazeCamp?  Please add a brief biographical note, perhaps including some information about why you're attending and what your interest in Plazes is, to this page.

=== Peter Rukavina ===

I'm a longtime Plazes user, and currently writing on the [http://blog.plazes.com Plazes weblog] as the ''Plazes User Advocate''.  I've been hacking together applications using various versions of the Plazes API for several years, and have [http://ruk.ca/w/index.php/Plazes a wiki page] where I've tried to document them all. [http://ruk.ca/ Weblog] | [mailto:peter@rukavina.net Email]

=== pedro figueiredo ===

i've been using plazes for a couple of years (reboot 7?) and meaning to write perl bindings for it. i actually got a working plazer a long time ago, but then the new api was announced, and the rest is history. i'd really like plazecamp to be *it*. i rant on [http://pfig.livejournal.com/ my livejournal].

=== Lance Wicks ===

I've used Plazes from relatively early on, intermittently at least. I did my first Plazes hack last year at HackdayLondon2007, a Plazes to NabazTag bunny PHP script. Recently wrote a quick hack to allow me to set my status via the [http://www/launchy.net/Launchy] application. I wrote it up on [http://www.lancewicks.com/blog/comments.php?y=07&m=12&entry=entry071221-093346 my blog]. Hoping I won't the sole  English speaker attending PlazeCamp. :)
Sadly, now will be unable to attend in person, hoping to attend virtually.


=== Henri Bergius ===

I've been using Plazes as part of my geoweb infrastructure for a while now. In addition, I have integrated it with the [http://www.midgard-project.org/ Midgard] [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GeoCMS GeoCMS], written [http://downloads.maemo.org/product/OS2007/maemoplazer/ MaemoPlazer] plazer for Nokia's mobile Linux platform and contributed to the [http://geoclue.freedesktop.org GeoClue] geospatial framework. [http://bergie.iki.fi Weblog]

=== Tilmann Singer ===

Working at Plazes since 2 years on the various aspects of backend development and concept. Involved in creation of the API and looking forward to collect and where possible implement the feedback on PlazeCamp?. When there is time I would like to make the kplazer (with the kde ruby bindings) actually useful for distribution, for all the millions of Plazes KDE users out there.

http://plazes.com/whereis/til [http://tils.net Personal Website] mailto:til@plazes.com

=== Stefan Kellner ===

I'm one of the founders of Plazes and did all the coding until beginning of 2006. The first prototype of Plazes (end of 2004) already had an API to enable anybody to use our data and write custom Plazers. The new API is a big achievement and I hope that it will motivate developers making use of Plazes in many different ways. I'm looking forward to Plaze(Dev)Camp to get all the feedback from you.

http://plazes.com/whereis/stefan mailto:stefan@plazes.com

=== Alper Çugun ===

I'm a Dutch programmer and also an early user of Plazes and loved it. A couple of years ago I wrote a Dashboard widget for it and I would like to make that work again under the new API.

http://plazes.com/whereis/illustir